Add Swarm.PreloadAsync() (#206)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

    other known peers and synchronizes the blocks if necessary
    before propagating/receiving pinpointed recent blocks to prevent inefficient
    round-trips.  [[#187], [#190]]
 -  Added `Swarm.PreloadAsync()` method to explicitly and preemptively download
    initial blocks before `Swarm.StartAsync<T>()` being called.
    [[#204]], [[#206]]

>  -  Added `BlockDownloadState` class to represents a block downloading state.

Reviewer: I made a typo in the previous suggestion. 🙄

```suggestion
 -  Added `BlockDownloadState` class to represent a block downloading state.
```

    other known peers and synchronizes the blocks if necessary
    before propagating/receiving pinpointed recent blocks to prevent inefficient
    round-trips.  [[#187], [#190]]

>  -  Added `Swarm.PreloadAsync()` that explicitly synchronizes the blocks before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Added `Swarm.PreloadAsync()` method to explicitly and preemptively download
```

>     starting and `BlockDownloadState` that represents downloading states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    initial blocks before `Swarm.StartAsync<T>()` being called.
    [[#204]] [[#206]]
 -  Added `BlockDownloadState` class to represents a block downloading state.
```
